Even after I've dealt with everyone?
After much torture
Finally they said it was for me
But just after my second torture
They said they were coming for you
I was afraid that you would have an accident
Call together to recruit
soliciting but not answering
Then I went to your house and got lost
Just as I was torn to ask for directions
I saw a dead dog
No, you said why is the dead dog staring at me?
Because that dead dog is you.
Now I'm so glad I got lost.
Otherwise, it may be two.
A beautiful woman
I'm not going to clean you up obediently today
I'll let you know why the flowers are so red
Don't mess around
I forgot what to say when I was nervous
I'll tell you what.
If you make trouble again, see if I can take you away.
Say it well, say it well, what's so great
What about after I pick you up?
Opened this hotel
I kept calling Zhao Yue until you woke up
But Zhaoyue never picked up
So feel left and right
OK
Zhao Yue can't go
Why is that?
Because I searched for Lu Chaoyue's best friend.
Is that enough?
Call first if
Brother Fan, it's me, Brother Fan
Is my sister with you? Your sister is gone too
Yeah my sister is gone too wait a minute
Brother Fan, you just said
I think I know what's going on.
Don't worry, your sister will get it back.
But first you have to do me a favor
Brother Ma, say